What kinds of tricks can your dog do?
What were the hardest tricks to teach your dog?
Do you let your dog sleep in the bed with you?
What inspired you to grow a vegetable garden?
What vegetables are growing in your garden?
How long did it take for your vegetables to grow?
How did you get your vegetables to grow so quickly?
Where is your favorite place to go on vacation?
What is your favorite type of weather?
What is your favorite type of music?
What is your favorite song?
What is your favorite instrument?
Why did you want to teach your sons music?
How did you encourage your sons to practice music?
How does it make you feel when your sons play music for your family?
What types of cuisines do you like to cook?
How much spice do you like in your food?
Do you have a favorite hot sauce?
Where do you like to get recipes from?
What types of jewelry do you like to make?
What was the hardest part about learning to make jewelry?
What type of phone do you have?
What did you do when your phone broke?
How many phones have you gone through in the past 2 years?
What is your favorite app / game?
When you were growing up, what sports did you play?
Did you win any awards in sports?
Which languages can you speak?
Which language was the easiest to learn?
Which language do you enjoy speaking the most?
How did you get involved in translating?
What was the hardest part about learning multiple languages?
How has your multi-lingual background come in handy?
What would be one thing you'd like to tell people newly diagnosed with paralysis?
What has been most helpful to you for coping with paralysis?
How have you raised awareness about people with paralysis?
Could you explain how your communication system works?
What do you think about when you are controlling the communication system?
How difficult is it to control the communication system?
How hard do you have to concentrate to operate the communication system?
How does the BrainGate2 system compare with other assistive technology?
What did you enjoy most about your trip to the grand canyon?
How did you like travelling with your family?
What do you enjoy most about summer time?
What flowers did you plant in your garden this summer?
What did you do during your recent time off?